Learning how to utilize resources outside my personal computer is a very important skill and, because I don’t know precisely the field I want to go into, is a good resume booster to allow me to have the most options for jobs. I also want to become more confident using the terminal for coding outside of a code editor and in remotely accessing different machines. This topic, I think, is one that sounds scary, but is simple with repetition and guidance. I am passionate about data science and jump at any opportunity to learn a new skill.

I want to learn! I’m super hands-on, and it seems like this class is going to give me the perfect opportunities to grow my skillset and thoroughly learn about supercomputing (both how it works, what it can be used for, and how to do it). I also want to prioritize efficient coding, as sometimes my projects can get disorganized as I work on them, leaving a lot of cleanup work for myself at the end. Good habits and good skills are what I want to take away from the course.

To keep up and to ask questions. With a topic like this that can be frustrating and can get complicated quickly if not done right, I think it is super important for me to ask questions and make sure I understand the whys and hows of what we’re working on. I also want to make sure I do more prep work before I start coding to minimize the aforementioned frustration. I’m the type to jump right into a coding project, but with things like GitHub that could get complex quickly, I want to take more time to understand my task, goals, and game plan before creating a messy project.

Like the paper we read, the folder structure is designed for human readability. If someone were to download this GitHub, I would want them to be able to navigate the project easily and feel comfortable with following its execution. Its intuitiveness allows for easy reproducibility for (ideally) anyone who can access it.

Using documented code for computational research tasks is both a time saver and a good tool for debugging. On one hand, the developer and user do not need to go between some sort of documentation and the code itself to follow along. On the other hand, if the developer envisions the code to do one thing, but when taking a closer look at it, it does not intuitively describe what it’s doing, that might serve as a debugging technique and a way to catch coding mistakes or imperfections. It also saves headaches when expanding or updating the project, so the developer can easily follow where the work should be done relative to the code structure.

I’m just excited for the course! The HPC has scared me since I found it existed, and I have never been terminal savvy, so I am looking forward to being challenged and feeling more confident in my abilities.
